Add Repo button and rewrite Getting started (#1114)
tachiyomiorg/website: website/src/docs/guides/getting-started.md

## Installation guide

### Downloading Tachiyomi

1. Visit our [download](/download/) page to get the latest version of **Tachiyomi**.

> 1. After the download is complete, open the `tachiyomi-{{ release.stable.tag_name }}.apk` file.

Reviewer: Might be worth rewording to just "the `.apk` file", in case they downloaded preview?

1. Proceed with the installation process.

### Adding sources

> Once **Tachiyomi** is installed on your device, you can use various methods to get series.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once **Tachiyomi** is installed on your device, you can bring your own content to read from various sources:
```

:::: tabs
== Local source

> Please visit the [Local source](/docs/guides/local-source/) guide for instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read content stored locally on your device.

See the [Local source guide](/docs/guides/local-source/) for instructions.
```

== External repositories

> You can add external repositiories by going to <nav to="browse"> and tapping **Extension repos**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
External repositories add additional sources to **Tachiyomi**. You can add external repositories by going to <nav to="browse"> and tapping **Extension repos**.
```

> Once there, you can add repositiories, keep in mind that the URL needs to end with `index.min.json`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once there, you can add repositories by inputing URLs ending with `index.min.json`. A small set of extensions are available [here](/extensions/).

::: danger Caution
Tachiyomi will not provide resources for any unofficial repositories. Beware that any third-party repositories or extensions will have full access to the app and may contain malware.
:::
```

Once you've added a repository, go to <nav to="extensions"> and refresh the extensions list.

You can now tap the download button next to extensions to install them.

> You may need to [enable third-party installations](/docs/faq/browse/extensions#enabling-third-party-installations).

::: tip Official repository
Tachiyomi has an official extension repository, you can use the **Add repository** button on the [Extensions](/extensions/) page, or copy the url manually below.
> `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tachiyomiorg/extensions/repo/index.min.json`
:::

::: danger Caution
Beware that any third-party repository or extension can contain malware.

> :::

Reviewer: Can remove this based on earlier suggestion.

== Manual extensions
Extensions can be manually installed through `.apk` files.

> ::: danger Caution
> Beware that any third-party repository or extension can contain malware.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: danger Caution
Tachiyomi will not provide resources for any unofficial extensions. Beware that any third-party repositories or extensions will have full access to the app and may contain malware.
:::
```
